I came to see how Lu Zhengguo lived when he died
What do you want from me?
Not just to take a look
Am I having a good time?
No, definitely not.
I just wanted to ask you
The person who provoked the road repair in the back
Is it you?
And what did you tell him?
The truth about Lu Zhengguo's death
So now you remember it all?
Before you use Lucchio
When you come to unleash your ambitions
I remember it all
Fu Siyan, I seem to have remembered it all
It's okay, don't be afraid.
With me, not pilling is not a matter of the year
Even if I tell him so rashly now
He won't believe me either.
And with his current identity
After I lost it, it was so easy for me
I don't want to go through what happened back then
I don't want to be considered a murderer anymore
I have a way
Since it all starts with the old lady
Then it ends with him
Oh my god
The world is so gloomy
Haven't you realized your mistake yet?
It wasn't me who killed your husband at all
It's you. It's you.
It was you who killed your husband
The company that killed your husband
Manipulate someone from behind
Obviously it's you
It's me who's responsible
Qi Xiu and I have asked the Lu family to return to Dongshan
The truth about the secrets of the past
No one will ever know
Really?